How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It helps because you take the previous version as reference, and only focus on what has been modified instead of having to scan all the file. If the previous version was working properly, then that is all you should be doing anyway.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    You can easily restore previous versions if the new one is not good. You could also easily see who was responsible for introducing a particular bit to the file and ask them for help, or understand at what point and why was a certain chunk of code introduced.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The main pro, is that you can commit logical chunks, which would be very hard to do automatically. The main con is that you have to be diligent about your commits and structure your work that way (which can feel restricting).

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Several files might belong to the same "logical change", in those cases it makes much more sense to group the changes in all the files into a single commit.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    You can use git log to find a specific change you want to view, find the commit id of it and the previous version, and then use git diff to view the differences between them.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    You can just do them, and if you break something, go back. Of course you should try to keep things unbroken, but vc lets you recover easily.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to use git to create a repository (and eventually push it to GitHub) of my dotfiles.
